Enhancement: Adds non stable package disclaimer (#5)
storyblok/php-content-api-client: README.md

# storyblok-api

> [!WARNING]

> > This Bundle is experimental and subject to change in a future release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This Bundle is in the initial phase and subject to change in a future release.
```

@silasjoisten @Edo-San what do you think about this suggestion? I'd like to avoid the word "experimental" as it can give the feeling that is not production-ready, but I'm very sure it's not the case

Author: Sure go for it
